# PersianLeague

This website was intended as a commercial product that provides a fantasy sports platform for the Persian Gulf Pro League. The users of the site would be fans of Iranian national soccer who were looking for fantasy games for their beloved sport. The site spans nearly 30k lines of code and provides many features: user authentication with 2-factor registration; user-to-user messaging; data for researching past games, clubs, and players; a prediction game where users enter their guesses for how an upcoming soccer game will turn out; full timezone implementation so that users from all over the world can get the correct time that soccer games will happen; automated rewards based on the users' performance each week; a freemium currency system used to unlock new abilities to help with predictions; and a PayPal monetization scheme. Our future plans included: a machine learning algorithm that would predict game outcomes to provide the users with a baseline for their guesses; and more detailed soccer data for a new game mode which is closer to fantasy football.

Though the beta prediction game was ready to launch in early 2018, our life priorities changed at that time and the project was abandoned. I learned a great deal about python, django, html, css, javascript and AWS deployment. Though having taught myself all of these fields there were many gaps in my knowledge and methods. The most glaring one being the lack of a frontend framework. The website is entirely built with Django templates and jQuery. I went on to improve my frontend skills on my next massive project: Filmophile. 

